📝(doc) update joanie-connection documentation (#1882)
openfun/richie: docs/joanie-connection.md

course runs and micro-credentials managed through Joanie.

In fact, Richie treats Joanie almost like a [LMS backend](./lms-backends.md) that's why settings
are similars.

## Configuring Joanie

All settings related to Joanie have to be declared in the `JOANIE_BACKEND` dictionnary
within `settings.py`.

```python
JOANIE_BACKEND = {
    "BASE_URL": values.Value(environ_name="JOANIE_BASE_URL", environ_prefix=None),
    "BACKEND": values.Value("richie.apps.courses.lms.joanie.JoanieBackend", environ_name="JOANIE_BACKEND", environ_prefix=None),
    "JS_BACKEND": values.Value("joanie", environ_name="JOANIE_JS_BACKEND", environ_prefix=None),
    "COURSE_REGEX": values.Value(
        r"^.*/api/v1.0/(?P<resource_type>(course-runs|products))/(?P<resource_id>[^/]*)/?$",
        environ_name="JOANIE_COURSE_REGEX",
        environ_prefix=None,
    ),
    "JS_COURSE_REGEX": values.Value(
        r"^.*/api/v1.0/(course-runs|products)/([^/]*)/?$",
        environ_name="JOANIE_JS_COURSE_REGEX",
        environ_prefix=None,
    ),
    # Course runs synchronization
    "COURSE_RUN_SYNC_NO_UPDATE_FIELDS": [],
    "DEFAULT_COURSE_RUN_SYNC_MODE": "sync_to_public",
}
...
```

> As mentionned earlier, Joanie is treated as a LMS by Richie, so we had to bind Joanie settings with
> LMS backends settings. We achieve this by dynamically append `JOANIE_BACKEND` settings into 
> `RICHIE_LMS_BACKENDS` list if Joanie is enabled. To understand this point, you can take a look to
> the `post_setup` method of the Base class configuration into `settings.py`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As mentionned earlier, Joanie is treated as a LMS by Richie, so we have to bind Joanie settings with
LMS backends settings. We achieve this by dynamically appending the `JOANIE_BACKEND` setting value into 
the `RICHIE_LMS_BACKENDS` list, if Joanie is enabled. To understand this point, you can take a look at
the `post_setup` method of the Base class configuration into `settings.py`.
```

Here they are all settings available into `JOANIE_BACKEND`:

### BASE_URL

The base url on which the Joanie instance is hosted. This is used to construct the complete url of
the API endpoint on which requests are made by Richie's frontend application. *Richie checks if this

> settings is settled to know if Joanie should be enabled or not.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
setting is set to know if Joanie should be enabled or not.*
```

- Type: string
- Required: No
- Value: By default it is `joanie`.

### COURSE_REGEX

A python regex that should match the ressource api urls of Joanie and return a
`resource_type` named group ("course_runs" or "products") and also a `resource_id`
named group corresponding to the resource uuid.

- Type: string
- Required: No
- Value: for example `r"^.*/api/v1.0/(?P<resource_type>(course-runs|products))/(?P<resource_id>[^/]*)/?$"`

### JS_COURSE_REGEX

A Javascript regex that should match the ressource api urls of Joanie and return two
unnamed groups. The first one correspond to the resource type ("course_runs" or "products") and
the second one corresponds to the resource uuid.

- Type: string
- Required: No
- Value: for example `r"^.*/api/v1.0/(course-runs|products)/([^/]*)/?$"`

### COURSE_RUN_SYNC_NO_UPDATE_FIELDS

Joanie resources (course runs and products) are all synchronized with Richie as a CourseRun. This
setting is used to set the value of the `sync_mode` field when a course run is created on Richie.
Read documentation of [the eponym `LMS_BACKENDS` settings](./lms-backends.md#default_course_run_sync_mode),

> to discover how it can be configured. 

Author: Whoops!
